Update how-to-create-a-new-merchant-oms-flow.md (#1504)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/howtos/how-to-create-a-new-merchant-oms-flow.md

---
title: "How-To: Create a new MerchantOms flow"

> description: This articles provides details about how to create new MerchantOms flow

Reviewer: article => document - see https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#documentation
```suggestion
description: This document provides details about how to create the new MerchantOms flow
```

Author: done, thanks!
